My code initially begins with #include “Header.hpp” as my header. This header
includes various preprocessor directives such as iostream, cstdio, vector,
string and sstream. It also includes declared namespaces such as “using
std::vector” and “using std::printf” which is a shortcut for writing vectors and
printf. Afterwards I being my code with int main() which builds my main
function that I want my code to be. Inside my of main I build my stacks. I build
two stacks, one for numbers and one for the Arithmetic symbols. These stacks
are under the symbols “l” and “I”. Next comes my manually filled function.
This is a stack of integers that are built ahead of time for the code to calculate.
The stack is built in a LIFO organization method where the last item is the first
item out. Because of this I use “.push_back” to build my stack by creating a
set of integers and continuously pushing by the numbers in the order as to
which I want my code to pull out the numbers to then create the function that
it will calculate. By this logic the current function pre filled into the stack
would be ((((4-3)+3)*4)/4) which in turn would result in the answer being 4.
After this I declare my operators. I use “while” alongside with “empty” to track
the amount of operators in my stack in this case being my Arithmetic symbols.
If the code sees the symbols then it will use the designated symbol on the
function in the order that the stack is built. I created multiple scenarios for my
code so It can detect most of the basic Arithmetic symbols. I started with
multiplication by beginning my code with “if” what “if” does is that since it is
used alongside “while” the code with detect the if there is the symbol for
Multiplication in my stack, then it will use multiplication with 2 integers in the
stack. I declare the 2 integers as ‘a’ and ‘b’ and proceed to pop them and then
have the code perform Multiplication. I proceed to repeat this step multiple
times for Addition, Subtraction and Division. After this I then use the “if”
command again to track the amount of numbers in my stack of numbers.
Once the code has run out of numbers it will proceed to pop out the last
number that was left in the stack. I use printf to print out the result which is
built as “Result: (Last number in Stack)” which I will state again would result
with an answer of 4. Lastly. I use “return 0” to turn off my function once it has
completed its task in calculating.