I initiate my code using #include "Obj  Header.hpp".
In this header file I have cstdio, stack, and vector. I also have
shortcuts which are using vector, stack, and printf to help organize
my codespace and shorten it. In my header file I have a written out
guide with questions to help organize the process of making an 
object calculator. My first objective was to create my object. 
I create a private class to keep the data that I want to keep
hidden from the user. This data is kept within the object and is 
not accessible from the user and is obfuscated. The first problem that arises 
is that I needed a way to represent numbers and operations.
I solve this issue by using a structure that will include the operations of my calculator. 
This structure houses numbers for evaluation and characters for operations. 
These operations are represented by the following '+' for addition, '-' for subtraction,
'*' for multiplication, '/' for division, and 'e' for evaluation which is a fail safe for evaluatable number detection.
The second problem that occurs are figuring out what basic operations the calculator will use.
For this calculator I use basic binary operators on which two numbers will be given for 
(a,b) written as "addition: a+b", "subtraction: a-b". "multiplication: a*b",
"division: fractionalized a b: a/b", and "evaluation: symbolizes number for evaluation, 
termination operation". My next problem is deciding how my structure defines 
the equations integrity while preserving order. This problem gets solved by 
using a stack<dicho> st. The stack of type dicho b/c dicho assists in evaluation 
operation encoding. The next step after this is figuring out how to load the stack 
in proper order. This problem has multiple problems encoded in it. The main sub problem 
is that we need to get the data from the user which implys that we need a how and where the 
data will be obtained. This problem gets solved by using a combination of constructors 
and functions within my code and by using a map. I write out my object beginning 
with the private portion. I named by object "Calc" with a private structure under 
the name "thing" and a public structure under the name "stuff". Within the private 
structure I define what integers my calculator will take in order to perform operations.
For my calculator I have it designed to take both integers and numbers.
These are defined as num, and op. The "thing" will then using the integer and character
to perform the operations. I then design how the numbers that would be taken in 
my calculator would be defined within the operation. I define my operations, 
addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. I then move onto designing 
my public section. In public section named "stuff" I create a similar design as my 
private. I create a structure that will hold the operations and numbers. I then create 
a stack of type "thing" to hold the operations and numbers in order. I then create
my "tool function" to allow my public to access my private data. This function is
named "map". This function will take in a character and an integer from the user which
the user knows code reads as stuff but then will translate the stuff into the private
thing. This function will then push the translated data into the stack of type "thing".
This function will then return the stack of type "thing" to be used in evaluation.
I then have "void machine(vector<stuff>)" which will take in a vector of stuff
and load the stack. I finish it off with a stack named "evaluate" which is meant
to be the stack that I use to perform the operations. 
Now I can move onto my .cpp file. In my cpp file I begin by including
my header file. I begin with my int main which includes a vector of stuff
that will load the stack into the "machine". My "machine" which is the name of my function that is meant
to convert the numbers and operations and is used to create the stack. I create a for loop
to go through the vector of stuff that is given to the function. I then push the
converted stuff into the stack of type "thing". This allows the public to access
private and and define the input of the operations. I then have another map function
that will convert the stuff into thing. This function will take in a character and an integer
and will return a thing that is pushed into the stack. This function allows the public
to access the private data and I again create another for loop which will take a stuff and create a new thing.
I then create a printf which will take the ending data and print it out to the user. Using 
the num and op. I then finish off my code with the calculator assignment that was created
previously as to which the whole code does not work. I believe this to be as I am lost
as to which and where the operations are meant to be performed. I believe that I need to
create another function that will take in the stack of type "thing" and perform the operations
in order. But I am unsure as to how to do this while also using the previously created
calculator assignment.